# The-Porcelain-Doll
         “Angela! Come here! I need help with cleaning the room!” Mum called. I raced up the stairs. “Help me look through that box and see if there is anything to be thrown out. I am going to make dinner. If you need help with anything, I’ll be downstairs, in the kitchen.” Mum instructed. I nodded my head and immediately got to work.
         I opened the box, only to be greeted by tons of dust sticking onto my new skirt. Even my thraot iched. The dust lay thickly like winters first snow, but instead of being a spirit-raising brilliant white, it was a depressing dirty grey. I ran my fingers through the dusty old items.
         “Disgusting.” I grumbled. I went through the contents, one by one. Nothing much, just some old dusty antiques which I wasn't very interested in.  Just then, an old read cover caught my eye. I recognise that! wasnt that the diary of my grandmother when she was in the war? I had always wanted to read it when my mum told me about it, the probelm was that i just could not find it! I carefully slid my hand under the dairy, careful not to rip any pages out and pulled it out.
         “Susan Mary Rose” the cover page read. It really was my great grandmother’s journal! i flipped it open excitedly, but quietly, not wanting mum to hear as she will definetely disapprove the reading of it.
        "Febuary 12, 1942. " It read.... I stood rooted to the ground. Oh my lord! What have i done!
         I regret it all. I messed up. He is angry. Very angry.
